1.txt - I was born on January fifteenth, all the way back in nineteen twenty nine
2.txt - My father was a Baptist minister and my mother, oh my sweet mother, was a school teacher.
3.txt - My father was a baptist minister, he kept me in church for as long as i can remember
4.txt - My mother always loved being around children, so she decided to become a school teacher to help nuture and teach our youth
5.txt - I can not believe you really asked me that question. However, I shall answer it, I am best known for my involvment with the Civil Rights Movement by using nonviolent tactics to advance the rights of the powerless
6.txt - I was assassinated on April fourth, nineteen sixty eight, by firearm
7.txt - I was staying at the Lorraine Motel, preparing to depart for a dinner
8.txt - According to news and media outlets, the man who killed me was James Earl Ray,, a 40 year old escaped fugitive sentenced to a ninety nine prison term.
9.txt - The person who I would say is my closest and dearest friend would be Ralph Abernathy. He was with me through thick and thin, and helped me with all of my needs and passions.
10.txt - I was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia. No place better than home.
11.txt - Now my first call to action, wow you are taking me back, it was that boycott. The, the, the oh I remember the montgomery bus boycott, oh yes it was. we striked for about a year or so, I was arrest due to my involvment and my house was bombed. It was a crazy time back then.
12.txt - I was awarded the nobel peace prize back in nineteen sixty four, fun fact, I was also the youngest to do so back then aswell.
13.txt - My main influencers were first and foremost, god, and also ghandi. The way that man fought for what he believed in with his strategies influenced the way of ymy thinking in how I go about decisions and tactics for fighting my cause aswell.
14.txt - I attended schooling at the Morehouse College, where I recieved a degree in sociology. And fun fact, for all you young folk out there, as a little brag, I had skipped grades nine and twelve and was fifteen years old my freshman year in college.
15.txt - I was imprisoned I believe twenty nine times. Some would call me an O G. and with me doing all that time, it was all for acts of civil disobedience and trumpedd charges. The more you know.
16.txt - My first experience of segregation was back when i was a little boy, i believe around the age of six. I was playing with my friends, who happened to be white and their father came out and declared that they were no longer to play with me or be my friend because I was black. I was unaware of the connotation of my color would bring me until that point in time.
17.txt - MLKDream.flac
18.txt - Hello, how are you doing today?
19.txt - I am pretty cold due to the weather outside, now go on ahead and ask me a real question
20.txt - No I have not seen the movie Selma since I am dead, to be honest why would I need to watch a movie about me and that experience when I was there and already know what happened. I suppose I could have showed support to the black community by watching the film but I am dead for about fifty years now. so it is pretty hard to watch new movies for me these days
21.txt - I suppose the speech I am most remembered for is my I Have a Dream speech.
22.txt - My wife was like what you would call the first lady of the civil rights movement. She was a very vocal and active advocate for equality and a leader of the movement. Although she was not able to participate in as many protests as I, she had a valid excuse for raising my kids back at home and keeping them safe from anyone who means harm.
23.txt - Well my name is Martin Luther King Jr., funny question I would have thought you already knew my name since you are here.
24.txt - I served as the first president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. My job was to be dedicated to abolishing legalized segregation and fighting to unity and equality in a non violent manner.
25.txt - My wife's name is Corretta Scott King
26.txt - Well given that I am a junior, my father's name is also Martin Luther King, however you must add a senior at the end
27.txt - My mother's name is Alberta King
28.txt - that marvelous day took place on August twenty eighth nineteen sixty three
29.txt - The name of my children are Martin Luther King the third, Yolanda King, Bernice King, and Dexter King
30.txt - ['We are not makers of history. We are made by history.', 'Lightning makes no sound until it strikes.', 'We may have all come on different ships, but we\xe2\x80\x99re in the same boat now.', 'Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions. Nothing pains some people more than having to think.', 'The quality, not the longevity, of one\xe2\x80\x99s life is what is important.', 'A lie cannot live.', 'Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.', 'There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.', 'If you can\xe2\x80\x99t fly then run, if you can\xe2\x80\x99t run then walk, if you can\xe2\x80\x99t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.', 'Only in the darkness can you see the stars.', 'There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe nor politic nor popular, but he must take it because his conscience tells him it is right.', 'No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they\xe2\x80\x99d die for.', 'A man who won\xe2\x80\x99t die for something is not fit to live.', 'We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.', 'No person has the right to rain on your dreams.', 'You will change your mind; You will change your looks; You will change your smile, laugh, and ways but no matter what you change, you will always be you.', 'The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.', 'A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.', 'Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.', 'The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.', 'Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.', 'Never, never be afraid to do what\xe2\x80\x99s right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake. Society\xe2\x80\x99s punishments are small compared to the wounds we inflict on our soul when we look the other way.', 'If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.', 'Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle.', 'We are prone to judge success by the index of our salaries or the size of our automobiles rather than by the quality of our service and relationship to mankind.', 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality.', 'I came to the conclusion that there is an existential moment in your life when you must decide to speak for yourself; nobody else can speak for you.', 'Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.', 'The soft-minded man always fears change. He feels security in the status quo, and he has an almost morbid fear of the new. For him, the greatest pain is the pain of a new idea.', 'Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable\xe2\x80\xa6 Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.', 'People fail to get along because they fear each other; they fear each other because they don\xe2\x80\x99t know each other; they don\xe2\x80\x99t know each other because they have not communicated with each other.', 'The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people.', 'We will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.', 'All progress is precarious, and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem.', 'Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.', 'It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that\xe2\x80\x99s pretty important.', 'Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal.', 'Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon. which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it. It is a sword that heals.', 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.', 'Seeing is not always believing.']
